well Hamas has fired more Rockets from
Gaza into Southern Israel this was the
scene in the city of ashalon after
Rockets struck some areas there are no
reports of casualties and we'll go now
to Al's Charles Stratford who's in in
southern Israel and so Charles just give
us an update on the situation there and
the movements by Israeli military
overnight well we just had another
attempted or another attack Miss or
Rockets fired from the Gaza Strip in the
last 15 or 20 minutes ago they were
intercepted by the so-called Iron Dome
defense system just over our heads
actually and it's been like that on and
off all day here in stot um was a
similar attack this morning whereby four
missiles actually got through managing
to penetrate or avoid the uh the defense
system One landing on a railway line
another on a religious school um no
casualties involved in any of these
attacks um we've seen a lot more tank
movement a lot more military movement in
the last day or so the large what
sounded like an impact there actually
that did actually sound possibly like
incoming but we can't confirm that so
just going back to troop movement and
and military hardware we've seen yeah
hundreds hundreds of Tanks
apcs various various other um military
hardware that have moved into this area
over the last few days interestingly
today and yesterday we're beginning to
see those pieces of equipment being
moved away into areas that we cannot get
to because that is a military uh closed
military zone now whether this indeed is
an indication of preparations uh for an
eventual ground Invasion into Gaza we
can't confirm but it wouldn't be
inconceivable that they were being moved
if that was the case into some more
forward operating position um meanwhile
the Israeli Army has said that uh
Palestinian Fighters targeted a tank in
the northern Gaza Strip and Israeli tank
um at least five soldiers Israeli
soldiers injured in that attack two
critically in terms of civilians in this
areas you can see the streets behind me
pretty much empty very very few people
still remaining in these areas these
towns very close to the Border we're
around 3 kilm from the G [__] it here in
stot but yeah all eyes are on what could
happen as many people are speculating in
the next few hours just with respect to
that Corridor that I reported or we were
reporting on earlier today that has now
expired it was a duration between 10
between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 a.m. that
the Israeli military said that they were
going to give gazans wanting to flee
that Northern section of the Gaza Strip
they promised they said that they would
not shell those two
highways um we've also heard the reports
that we can't verify though that
shelling of the Southern regions of the
Gaza Strip is ongoing but as I say that
window that was that was offered by the
Israeli Army this morning has now
expired so yeah it's going to be very
interesting as to what happens in the
next few hours and and very terrifying
of course for hundreds of thousands if
not more Palestinians who still remain
in that nor section of the Gaz and strep
Charles talking about the buildup of
military hardware we're seeing pictures
of that of tanks and so forth uh in the
area what about infantry units are you
seeing any evidence of that because it's
going to need people on foot to go to go
into uh
Gaza well we have seen we have seen vast
amounts of soldiers in in the area as
well we know that the Israeli Army has
said that at least 300,000 reservists
are going to be called in potentially
for any fight and of course that's in
addition to the regular army we've seen
various units some of which we
understand could well be you know
special operatives um it's interesting
to see the different vehicles that are
being driven around this Zone as well um
a lot of if you like civilian or
seemingly on the surface at least
civilian vehicles with a lot of antennas
a lot of radio antennas um sort of low
trying to keep a low footprint but in
the same time as I say there are
thousands of of troops that we've seen
we spoke to a few yesterday in the Kuts
of biri one of those Kuts that was
attacked infiltrated by hammmer Fighters
at least 108 Israeli civilians killed in
that kabut and the soldiers we spoke to
were very boyed very determined um and
morale was high they said look we're
ready to go in and we will win um we've
also seen yes truckloads of of of
soldiers being brought into various
areas um or passing areas where we are
allowed to be and as I say going into
these this this Zone this military
exclusion Zone that we understand or we
know is even closer to the Gaza Strip
but uh yeah as to whether this is we
this is this is before that expected
land Invasion that remains to be seen
but all evidence would suggest that that
could well be the case and Charles what
about residents there what are you
hearing from them I've been reading
about how the mayor strot was calling on
the prime minister to evacuate residents
to areas outside the immediate range of
rockets well today we've been coming
here pretty much every day for the last
NE on week um and it is safe to say that
today is the emptiest that we've seen it
now that could be as a result of it
being Shabbat obviously the Jewish
weekend the Jewish Jewish holy day so
just normally there's very there's much
fewer people on the streets anyway but
you know you know it would be it
wouldn't be inconceivable to think that
there are far less people here than
there were even two three days ago um
the few people that we have spoken to in
recent days have said look I've got
nowhere else to go um where am I
supposed to go one man actually said to
us that um he said no on the contrary
now is the time to stay I'm determined
to stay I will not be moved from here I
mean of course this town stot has almost
got mythical status in Israel and
anybody that follows the the
developments um of this of this conflict
of the problems that uh that exist here
in Israel Palestine everybody knows
where this town is because it is hit um
so regularly um by by missiles by
Rockets fired out of Gaza but seemingly
despite obviously the intensity of this
attack that happened last week October
the 7th despite the fact that this place
suffered an infiltration I mean the the
police station just down the road here
is now completely destroyed that was
taken over by we understand at least 10
Hamas Fighters at least 10 bodies were
found when we understand an air strike
destroyed it by um by the Israeli Air
Force um as I say still very very very
very few people here at all um and I
think it's fair to say that that's a
similar scenario right the way um down
the strip in Israeli Villages and kotes
close to Gaza all right Charles leave it
there for the moment speak to you a bit
later as as the day goes on the
afternoon wears on uh char traford there
for thank you